# Meeting Notes (3-24-20)
Source: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n9rZabSb1NKSz52CHvvUIrKrkcjtop7lC-Zic4cSf_s/edit?usp=sharing

## Overview (by Chris Flannery)
- Short Introduction/status update

- Screen Share/Discussion Boards
    - All design tasks and project overview exists in github under OVR/Design
    - 3 projects in Design github repo under OVR/Design/Projects
    - Tasks move from Concept/Wireframes -> Design
    - Pattern library includes standalone assets for use by devs
    - ‘Projects’ serves as task board - ask an admin to assign you a task in ‘to do’ and you may move tasks into corresponding status as you progress. Add to ‘in review’ if you would like an admin to review your work.
    - Aiming for MVP/Timeline will be dependent on close communication between disciplines. In general, workflow should move from Design -> UI/UX -> Frontend
- Discussion: Tools (Figma, Design systems)
    - Preference is Figma but if you have a preference for Sketch or others please let Connie know. Material design/ui vs. Bootstrap or others? We will poll.

- Roll Call: Tasks & ToDos
    - Issues in design repo are open for collaborators to ask for assignment. Each issue represents a task to be done. If you are assigned a task, refer to the requirements at the top of the issue. Different tags delineate requirements, such as ‘urgent’. Issues marked with ‘needs refinement’ could use additional information in the requirements.
    - If you would like to collaborate, please go through the issues in the Design repo and ask Connie if you would like to be assigned a task.

- Open Questions & Requests
    - Any new designs should be exported as Figma, AI or Sketch files. Standalone assets should be SVG, PNG, JPG depending on that particular need.
